---
title 		: Essential Studio for TypeScript 2016 Vol 3 Release Notes
description : Essential Studio for TypeScript  2016 Vol 3 Release Notes
platform 	: typescript
---

# Essential Studio for TypeScript Release Notes

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2016_vol_3 version=site.version.2016_vol_3 %} 





## Common

### Features
{:#common-features}

Essential Studio JavaScript components has support for the TypeScript 2.0 which allow to use Type definition files.

  * These definition files code implemented in TypeScript.
  
  * Allow to specify data type of parameters, functions, and methods. 
  
  * Provides intelligence support based on API reference document.

### Breaking Changes
{:#common-breakingchanges}

* \#160411 - The `ej.widgets.all.d.ts` and `ej.mobile.all.d.ts` files have been removed, thereby use `ej.web.all.d.ts` file reference for rendering web components in TypeScript.

## ejFileExplorer

### Features
{:#ejfileexplorer-features}

* \#161173 - The FileExplorer allows to access the shared folder which is connected via local area network.

* \#161660 - In FileExplorer, we have provided the API `allowKeyboardNavigation` to enable/disable the Keyboard Navigation.

* \#140098, \#141095, \#153296, \#153869 - The FileExplorer allows files to be moved from one folder to another by using drag and drop. It also supports uploading a file by dragging it from Windows Explorer to a folder in the FileExplorer control.

* \#155542 - The FileExplorer allows thumbnail images to be compressed on the server side and loaded into the FileExplorer layout to improve performance when working with large size images.

* \#159186 - Provided the option to customize the ContextMenu items in FileExplorer control.

* \#159186 - Provided API `allowSearchOnTyping` to perform the search action only on `Enter` key press. 

* We have provided the sort by option to sort the files and folders in the FileExplorer in Tile / Large Icons views.

## ejSpreadsheet

### Features
{:#ejspreadsheet-features}

* Provided support for read-only mode.
* Provided support for context menu customization.
* Improved the initial rendering performance.
## ejTreeView

### Features
{:#ejtreeview-features}

* Provided option in `collapseAll`/`expandAll` method to expand /collapse nodes up to specific level.

* \#156288 - Provided multiple node selection support in TreeView control.

* \#133614, \#158321 - Provided option to drag multiple nodes in TreeView control.

* \#160961 - Provided option to get the child nodes of the specific node.

## RichTextEditor

### Features 
{:#richtexteditor-features}

* The RTE provides `Custom execute command` that execute selection, range and cursor based commands for all the browser. Since the default execute command behaves inconsistencies across browsers.
## WaitingPopup

### Features
{:#waitingpopup-features}

* Provided support for WaitingPopup element `append to` the given container element. 
