---
title 		: Essential Studio for TypeScript 2017 Volume 2 Release Notes
description : Essential Studio for TypeScript 2017 Volume 2 Release Notes
platform 	: typescript
---

# Essential Studio for TypeScript Release Notes

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2017_vol_2 version=site.version.2017_vol_2 %} 





## Common

### Breaking Changes
{:#common-breaking-changes}
 
* \#174965 -  The background-color of form editor controls in disabled state has been modified.
## ejCheckBox

### Breaking Changes
{:#ejcheckbox-breaking-changes}

* The **validationMessage** of ejCheckBox has been deprecated from this release.Please make use of the **validationMessages** instead. 

## ejDatePicker

### Breaking Changes
{:#ejdatepicker-breaking-changes}

* The **validationMessage** of ejDatePicker has been deprecated from this release.Please make use of the **ValidationMessages** instead. 
  
## ejDateTimePicker

### Breaking Changes
{:#ejdatetimepicker-breaking-changes}

* The **validationMessage** of ejDateTimePicker has been deprecated from this release.Please make use of the **validationMessages** instead. 
  
## ejDialog

### Features
{:#ejdialog-features}

* The Dialog provides an option to enable/disable browser scroll when we open the Modal Dialog.

### Breaking changes
{:#ejdialog-breaking-changes}

* Dialog position will be calculated based on the target or containment element.
## ejGrid

### Bug Fixes
{:#ejgrid-bug-fixes}

*  \#177563 - In typescript declaration for delete record method, Type of the second parameter 'data' now changed into Object.
*  \#176207 - For typescript declaration now Field type of Grid column changed into string.
## ejListBox

### Features
{:#ejlistbox-features}

* Provided sorting support to automatically sort the list items in alphabetical order.
* Cascade event provided to ListBox, which will be triggered before the cascaded data is populated.
## ejListView

### Features
{:#ejlistview-features}

* Provided virtual scrolling support to load data on demand without buffering huge data, it supports both normal and continuous mode.
## ejRadioButton

### Breaking Changes
{:#ejradiobutton-breaking-changes}

* The **validationMessage** of ejRadioButton has been deprecated from this release.Please make use of the **validationMessages** instead. 

## ejSchedule

### Features
{:#ejschedule-features}

* \#135948, \#145839, \#129435 - Scheduler is now provided with an option to show/hide the weekend days in all views using the API `showWeekend`.
* \#173867 - Scheduler is now provided with an additional option to customize the appointment's dragging and resizing interval ranges.

## ejTimePicker

### Breaking Changes
{:#ejtimepicker-breaking-changes}

* The **validationMessage** of ejTimePicker has been deprecated from this release.Please make use of the **validationMessages** instead. 

