---
title 		: Essential Studio for TypeScript 2017 Volume 4 Release Notes
description : Essential Studio for TypeScript 2017 Volume 4 Release Notes
platform 	: typescript
---

# Essential Studio for TypeScript Release Notes

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2017_vol_4 version=site.version.2017_vol_4 %} 





## ejComboBox `preview`

The ComboBox component allows the user to type a value or choose an option from the list of predefined options. When an arrow icon accompanied with this component is pressed, the dropdown displays a list of values, from which the user can select one.

### Features
{:#ejcombobox-features}

* Data binding - Allows binding and accessing the list of items from local or server-side data source.
* Grouping - Supports grouping of logically related items under a single or specific category.
* Sorting - Supports sorting of list items in an alphabetical order (either ascending or descending).
* Filtering - Allows filtering of list items based on a character typed in the component.
* Templates - Allows customizing the list items, selected value, header, footer,category group header, and no records content.
* Accessibility - Provided with built-in accessibility support that helps to access all the ComboBox component features through the keyboard, screen readers, or other assistive technology devices.
## Common

### Features
{:#common-features}

* Essential Studio for JavaScript components are now compatible with the latest version of jQuery 3.2.1
* \#186000,188110   - We have provided JQuery-3.2.12 support for our Definitely typed file. 

## ejAutocomplete

### Features
{:#autocomplete-features}

* Provided search indices support for multicolumn pop-up, display format and search fields in the multicolumn autocomplete control can now be differentiated.

## ejChart


### Bug Fixes
{:#ejChart-bug-fixes}

* \#188316 - Now the chart event arguments are working properly.

## ejFileExplorer

### Features
{:#ejfileexplorer-features}

* Provided the feature for selecting the files using area selection (mouse drag-select event).
* \#187589 - Provided option to customize the file replace alert text.
* \#183000 - Improved FileExplorer performance while loading more than 1000 files.
* \#188124 - Provided “beforeUploadDialogOpen” event for customizing the upload dialog content of FileExplorer.

 
## ejKanban

### Features
{:#kanban-features}

* \#161500, \#166915, \#174770, \#F128835 - The Kanban control now supports drag-and-drop operations between the Kanban board and other controls.
* \#179568, \#F131180 - Kanban empty columns can be rendered without binding a data source.

## ejSchedule

### Features
{:#ejschedule-features}

* \#148230, \#163522 - Custom view has been enhanced to display different set of continuous date ranges or specific date collection.
* \#138564, \#141079 - Support has been provided to export appointments to Excel format.
* \#185084 - Support provided to retain the scroll position, even after refreshing the entire layout.
* \#185976 - Support provided to auto-scroll the view when dragging an appointment to the edges.
* \#184777, \#162291 - Printing option has been enhanced to print the appointments with its background color.
## ejSlider

### Features
{:#ejslider-features}

* Provided button support to increment and decrement the slider values.
 
## ejSpreadsheet

### Features	
{:#ejspreadsheet-features}

* \#165067,\#168989,\#172008,\#180430,\#184577 - Provided support for cell styles customization.

* \#183747,\#186738 - Provided support for performance improvement for formulas calculation on importing.

* \#F128298 - Provided support for Building common JSON for both getExportProps and saveAsJSON method.

### Bug Fixes	
{:#ejspreadsheet-bug-fixes}

* \#189113 - Provided support for select cells from another sheet while executing the formula.

* \#186209, \#180749 - Provided support for add custom colors for Conditional formatting.
## ejTextBoxes

### Features
{:#ejtextboxes-features}

* \#182613 - We have provided the option to allow the decimal places without any limit.

## ejTreeView

### Features
{:#ejtreeview-features}

* \#184008 – Provided nested object support in TreeView fields. That helps to map the complex data from data source.

### Breaking Changes
{:#ejtreeview-breaking-changes}

* \#182105 - In previous, when we pass a single node with a parentID and target to addNode method, the node will append to the parentID’s node and currently node will append in to the target.
