---
title: Essential Studio for TypeScript  2018 Volume 3 Release Notes 
description: Essential Studio for TypeScript  2018 Volume 3 Release Notes 
platform: TypeScript
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for TypeScript Release Notes 

{% include release-info.html date=site.releasedate.2018_vol_3  version="v16.3.0.21" %} 

<style>
#license {
    font-size: .88em!important;
margin-top: 1.5em;     margin-bottom: 1.5em;
    background-color: #def8ff;
    padding: 10px 17px 14px;
}
</style>

<div id="license">
Starting with version 16.2 (2018 Vol 2), you need to include a valid license key (either paid or trial key) within your applications. 
Please refer to this <a href="/common/essential-studio/licensing/license-key">help topic</a> for more information 
</div>






## ejTreeView

### Features
{:#ejtreeview-features}

* \#203297 - Provided an option to prevent parent node from expanding while adding a node in the tree view control.
## ejDiagram

### Features
{:#ejdiagram-features}

* \#209242 - Gradient support for node border color is added.
* \#211102 - Support to avoid segment overlapping when executing the automatic tree layout with multiple parents is added.
## ejKanban

### Features
{:#ejkanban-features}

*	\#189927, \#177568, \#203750, \#207002, \#F129307, \#F134895 - Provided support to change the swimlane header's row text based on `swimlaneKey` value mapping in swimlane `headers` . Also, provided support for show/hide empty swimlane in the Kanban board.
## ejMap

### Features
{:#ejmap-features}

* Support has been provided to customize the data labels using properties.
## ejRangeNavigator

### Features
{:#ejrangenavigator-features}
 
* Support has been provided to hide the intersecting labels.
* Support has been provided to include or exclude the first day of the next month in the selected data.
